Add pocket definition to README (#27)
volkamerlab/KinFragLib_PocketEnum: README.md

```

### Input

> * `.flexx` and `.hydescorer` bindingpocket, and pharmacophore (i.e., subpocket) definition files need to be prepared and downloaded for evey subpocket using the [SeeSAR GUI](https://www.biosolveit.de/SeeSAR).

Reviewer: spelling binding pocket

> * `.flexx` and `.hydescorer` bindingpocket, and pharmacophore (i.e., subpocket) definition files need to be prepared and downloaded for evey subpocket using the [SeeSAR GUI](https://www.biosolveit.de/SeeSAR).

Author: ```suggestion
* `.flexx` and `.hydescorer` binding pocket, and pharmacophore (i.e., subpocket) definition files need to be prepared and downloaded for evey subpocket using the [SeeSAR GUI](https://www.biosolveit.de/SeeSAR).
```

* Create a JSON configuration file, such that the structure pdb id, the core subpocket, path of subpockets for fragment growing, the path to the fragment library, the path to the FlexX and HYDE executeable, and the path to the folder conatining folder (named with the PDB ID) with the `.flexx` and `.hydescorer` files is defined. A template file is given in [`config/templates/settings.json`](config/templates/settings.json), where all **required** arguments are labeled with a `TODO` (`TODO` needs to be replaced by the argument) and all *optional* arguments are set by their deafult value. [`config/5n1f/settings.json`](config/5n1f/settings.json) provides an example configuration file.

> **Note:** We provide a script ([`pocket_definition/pocket_definition.py`](pocket_definition)) that determines the 89 KLIFS binding pocket and subpocket-specific anchor residues which might be handy if the kinase structure of interest is not listed in [KLIFS](https://klifs.net/).

Reviewer: Just double checking, I thought it's 85 residues?

> **Note:** We provide a script ([`pocket_definition/pocket_definition.py`](pocket_definition)) that determines the 89 KLIFS binding pocket and subpocket-specific anchor residues which might be handy if the kinase structure of interest is not listed in [KLIFS](https://klifs.net/).

Author: ```suggestion
**Note:** We provide a script ([`pocket_definition/pocket_definition.py`](pocket_definition)) that determines the 85 KLIFS binding pocket and subpocket-specific anchor residues which might be handy if the kinase structure of interest is not listed in [KLIFS](https://klifs.net/).
```
